and hello to all dear friends with you about
spoons today continue to consider
syoss cream paint module just about
convincing about by which you
You can add two items that
can make boxes from your house
awesome manufacturing plant
any raw material let it be
any wheat why not and
I also want to add something that this mod
adds to the game nothing more than round
animated items yes i know what
round animated objects no way
get on with square minecraft where
all square
but still you look what
beauty suggests this mod on a maikraft
just bring such beauty
and now imagine without these two
items my home here I am now not even
I want to represent
and he will look like a hundred pounds god
and let me tell you right now how
craft these items how they work
and what they are based on actually want
add the fact that these two subjects only
for decoration but further author
wants to add something to these items
only worked from the diet and also to
they filed or transmitted time and
In general, I also want to add something
this wheel can only spin on
water flow
I mean, if we would not have been here
This flow of water it would not cool but
if we put this wheel somewhere
here on earth it will not be either
spin if we put it where nick
just water then again it won't be
spinning and yes it is a little logical and
I can even say that the mod has
some kind of physics and in general then let us
place this wheel somewhere here
so she kept spinning
I don’t know this machine
as if honest is called but if you
know then write in the comments and he
spinning itself meaning it turns from
wind does not need to connect anything to it
that is, no redstone no
signal he just turns his main
do not place water and everything he will
work like a simple decoration and let's
right now look at crafting these
two items first we look at
Kraft Here it is wheels Kraft it
as follows we will need 4
plates as well as one stick at the very
or is it not a wheel in fact it is that
the thing I don't know is called
and the wheel is crafted as follows
we need to have four plates
add four more plates sorry i
just craft mixed up and proper
I can't do anything more about this mod
say craft is pretty heavy that is
one plate is made from one stick 6
boards that is, we will have to cut down as
at least 5 trees to make at least
one wheel well or carcass which
I do not know what is called and in general, then
this we end up hope you mod
Liked but if here for the first time you
can subscribe to the channel to put
Like bring your friends and you had a spoon
good luck everyone all bye